"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - E.E. Cummings
"Your self-worth is determined by you. You don't have to depend on someone telling you who you are." - Beyonce
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"To bring about change, you must not be afraid to take the first step. We will fail when we fail to try." - Rosa Parks
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them." - Madam C.J. Walker
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." - Billie Jean King
"I am lucky that whatever fear I have inside me, my desire to win is always stronger." - Serena Williams
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
"Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong." - Ella Fitzgerald
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one." - Dolly Parton
"Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time." - Ruth Bader Ginsburg
"All dreams are within reach. All you have to do is keep moving towards them." - Viola Davis
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"When you put love out in the world it travels, and it can touch people and reach people in ways that we never even expected." - Laverne Cox
"Give light and people will find the way." - Ella Baker
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"Don't count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"If you risk nothing, then you risk everything." - Geena Davis
"Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined." - Toni Morrison
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." - Carol Burnett
"Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"When it comes to luck, you make your own." - Bruce Springsteen
"If you're having fun, that's when the best memories are built." - Simone Biles
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
"Hard things will happen to us. We will recover. We will learn from it. We will grow more resilient because of it." - Taylor Swift
"Your story is what you have, what you will always have. It is something to own." - Michelle Obama
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist." - Oscar Wilde
"You define beauty yourself, society doesn't define your beauty." - Lady Gaga
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." - Mary Lou Retton
"You just gotta keep going and fighting for everything, and one day you'll get to where you want." - Naomi Osaka
"If you prioritize yourself, you are going to save yourself." - Gabrielle Union
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." - Duke Ellington
"You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again." - Bonnie Prudden
"When you can't find someone to follow, you have to find a way to lead by example." - Roxane Gay
"There is no better compass than compassion." - Amanda Gorman
"Stand before the people you fear and speak your mind - even if your voice shakes." - Maggie Kuhn
"It's a toxic desire to try to be perfect. I realized later in life that the challenge is not to be perfect. It's to be whole." - Jane Fonda
"Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist but in the ability to start over." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line." - Lucille Ball
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." - Robert Frost
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best." - St. Jerome
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas A. Edison
"If you're going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." - George S. Patton
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." - Elon Musk
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." - Rabindranath Tagore
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." - Leo Buscaglia
"I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." - Babe Ruth
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th." - Julie Andrews
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines." - Robert H. Schuller
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." - Simone de Beauvoir
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." - Thomas Paine
"I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"To begin, begin." - William Wordsworth
"I am not afraid... I was born to do this." - Joan of Arc
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me." - Carol Burnett
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." - William James
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napoleon Hill
"Don't think, just do." - Horace
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one." - Philip Sidney
"The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare." - Bobby Knight
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"So many books, so little time." - Frank Zappa
"Two Things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Bernard M. Baruch
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." - Dr. Seuss
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." - J.K. Rowling
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We accept the love we think we deserve." - Stephen Chbosky
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." - Oscar Wilde
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results." - Narcotics Anonymous
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - Andre Gide
"The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." - Jane Austen
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than out abilities." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"Imperferction is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be asbolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." - Marylin Monroe
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"Good friends, good books, and sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain
"As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once." - John Green
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde
"The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool." - William Shakespeare
"It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it." - Maurice Switzer
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)." - Mark Twain
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present." - Bill Keane
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be." - Douglas Adams
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read." - Groucho Marx
"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living." - Dr. Seuss
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one." - George R.R. Martin
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"I do not think I am something I don't deserve, I'm fun!" - Douglas
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs, one step at a time." - Joe Girard
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done." - Unknown
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it." - Unknown
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that Counts." - Winston S. Churchill
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Never let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." - Michael Jordan